README.md, before:

# Micro Front End Talk Code Repository

This repo holds the code and progressions from a monolithic React application to a MFE application
as progressed in the Programmer's Week 2022 Talk by Dan Hoffman and myself.

Source repository for original content: https://github.com/neuland/micro-frontends

Refactored the original demo site to use React in all stages.

## Stage Approach

This repository demonstrates a gradual, staged approach in refactoring a single, monolithic web application
into a set of micro frontend components that can be incorporated into a host application.  The branches
available here demonstrate the various stages, below is a list of those brnaches and what they represent:

|Branch Name|Description|
|-----------|-----------|
|dev|The always-current version of the site as the progressions have been applied.  `dev` will show the final product at the most recent stage of refactor.|
|feature/monolithic-react-app|An initial application.  Created in haste, using a single component to hold the entire functionality of the site.|
|feature/componetize-monolithic-app|A refactoring of the application into individual components representing the functionality required for various aspects of the sire.|

Commit message:

Create first MFE application, team-inspire
Using the create-mf-app npx script, initialized a new React application for the recommendation engine / components.
This will be the first aspect of the site that will exist as a wholly independent entity.  No cross-dependencies will
exist between the primary application and this component.  The webpack.config.js file for this new application includes
the ModuleFederation plugin specification, the first instace so far, detailing how to expose one or more components
for consumption (remotely) by another application.

Added a new row to the branch table describing the purpose of this branch as well.

README.md, after:

# Micro Front End Talk Code Repository

This repo holds the code and progressions from a monolithic React application to a MFE application
as progressed in the Programmer's Week 2022 Talk by Dan Hoffman and myself.

Source repository for original content: https://github.com/neuland/micro-frontends

Refactored the original demo site to use React in all stages.

## Staged Approach

This repository demonstrates a gradual, staged approach in refactoring a single, monolithic web application
into a set of micro frontend components that can be incorporated into a host application.  The branches
available here demonstrate the various stages, below is a list of those brnaches and what they represent:

|Branch Name|Description|
|-----------|-----------|
|dev|The always-current version of the site as the progressions have been applied.  `dev` will show the final product at the most recent stage of refactor.|
|feature/monolithic-react-app|An initial application.  Created in haste, using a single component to hold the entire functionality of the site.|
|feature/componetize-monolithic-app|A refactoring of the application into individual components representing the functionality required for various aspects of the site.|
|feature/introducing-team-inspire|Breaks the recommendations component out as a separate micro-frontend.  This will be the first use of Modue Federation to provide a remote component to the host applicaiton.|
